VISA INTERVIEW QUESTIONS:	
1st round:
1.Tell me about yourself. What are your skill set?
2.When you are given a webapplication...what are the kinds of testing will you perform on it?
3.What was your framework like? 
4.How would you build a framework from scratch,preferably rest webservice?
5.How would you go about testing a webservice?
6.What kind of assertions would you do with respect to payload?
7.Java program-Given an array of numbers - every index in output should have the product of other index numbers.
8.What are the different application integration styles? -medha
9.How to approach for change in attributes to the service method in a Webservice ?
10.What are the major differences you can state while using SOAP or REST, in terms of 
   applicability as concern?
   
2nd Round
1.Tell me about your work,what have you done in last 4 projects?
2.What was your application like in the last project? Did you work more on UI automation or were you involved in other applications as well?
3.What will your approach be when you are asked to start building a framework on webservices?
4.Are you familiar with agile methodologies?
5.How big was your team? How long was the sprint?
6.Say,the developers give you the application in the middle of the sprint,what do you do in the meantime and after the application is given to you?
7.What is your approach when you are not able to understand a user story or what you have done is not as per the requirement document?
8.How did you check the logs? Some Unix commands.
9.How do you do end-to-end testing when an application is given to you?
10.End to end testing in terms of webservices.
11.What challenges did you face in UI automation?
12.What will you do when you have to submit your framework at a particular deadline,say in a day or two and even though your work has not begun?
13.SQL query: Two tables customer and orders table...where customer id is the foreign key in orders table. Write a query to find the sum of the products bought by a particular 
customer.
14.Difference between XML and Json.
15.What happens when you perform delete method in rest? How would you know that the method has worked?
16.What kind of authentication did you use?
17.Are you familiar with RPC,JSON-WSP,XINS,WSCL,WSFL?
18.How would you test network security in api?
19.How is security testing done in rest apis and what were the challenges that you faced?
20.Any questions you would like to ask?


