types of testing
when to automate and when not to automate
high pritioty and high severity
equal partinioning and boundary value analysis
defect llife cycle
test case s
defect techniques
scrum methodlogies (SDLC)
sprint planning-
story grooming-story point we follow finocaai series 3, small . 5 medium.11 complex user stories . kickup sprints
daily scrum-any issues , root blockers issues 
sprint review-end of sprint give demo to team  and will show off the functional delivery for the sprint
sprint retrospective- two weeks come acrros in team will discuss concerns  and so that will  and will give feedback to team what have done good in the next sprint above all perspective improvement, and suggestions on bug management process

still will do manual then next sprint  will do automation for previous sprints



dev- smoke testcases after build
qa- regression test case
stage- pritioty test case
prod- sanity

good defect ?
ans-if dont allow the check box but it allow to starting  it seems major defects 
mis matching data

----

Qa evit - test failures , manually it works -how would you handle this situation?
deployment issue
configuration issues
 server level
------


good defect ever found 
 
Generally biggest bug means it depends on the application, domain, product or project...etc.,I can say one bug. If u r working on web application. 1. Type the same URL in 2 browsers 2. so u have 2 similar web pages3. Enter the same data in 2 pages4. Click on Submit5. It should not allow u to submit the same data in to database.6. If u r able to do so, that'll be a big issue.we can say so many like this.......But should be related to your project


broken link
page not found



maven- surefire- testng.xml mvn clean install,mvn test

devloper vs tester-
how many test cases to automate or manually
traceabilty matrix - checking the current project level how many test case are execute , how many test cases are failed. how many test case are pending 

sanity testing - after build  means after the smoke testing - after the minor chanage in code quickly doing sanity testing with small set functionality works with fine details
smoke testing - after the build smoke testing occurs to test major functionality without going to deeper into the application .
test coverage- measuring amount of testing performed during program exeution. what you have tested/what you have to test
entry ciriteria - when going to start test actitvity. begining of testing level
 exit criteria- given test activyt has been completed or not 
------
Agile Methodology

Product Owner - represent end user.

Sprint - duration, ideally 2-3 weeks . bi weekly sprint

Scrum Master - Project Manager

Scrum Team - 7 +/- 2, 4 dev, 2 testers, 1 lead

Product Backlog - Whole set of requirements finalized by Product Owner

Sprint Backlog - sprint requirements chosen from product backlog based on priority for each sprint

User Stories - Set of requirements subdivided among team members/Subset of sprint backlog

Daily Standup Meeting - 15 - 20 mins
			What you have done so far
			Any issues that is blocking you from completing the work
			What you will do today

Sprint Planning Meeting - Happens before sprint starts
     Finalize what requirements this sprint should have from sprint backlog, estimation, story points

Sprint Review Meeting - Happens at the end of sprint to demo the application developed to entire team/Product review

Sprint Retrospective Meeting - Process review than product review.
				Did anything go wrong, should we change any process.
				Make sure not repeat in next sprint so you can save time and resources for next sprint

Release - move application code to production server/go live
	For every sprint, every week, for every 2 sprints.

Burndown chart -
Work done each iteration
Work remaining
Work done so far
When we can expect to be done

Product Backlog Meeting - All the backlog(remaining) details will be discussed.

Storypoint - fibonar series 1, 3, 5, 7 9, 11, 13 

sprint burndown
velocity
release burn down
acceptance criteria- application should satisfy to be accepted by end user or customers
